I get motivated to go to work because it's fun, you know, that's the simple
fact of it. When I was in school, you know, I had like math and
science and physics and chemistry and nothing really like, pushed
me to, you know, want to learn myself but computer science had something
about it that is, there's a little bit of math but not too much
to make me scared, there is a little bit of graphics to, you know,
at least so I could see what it was that I was doing. You know, there
was a little bit of like logic but not too difficult. Everything is
in moderation and it's as hard as you make it. So, because there's
so much that it's such a broad category, I found my little niche, you
know, it happened to be virtual reality but like, I've experienced
like, lots of things in computer science and they all had something
that kind of drove me to want to learn more. So, no other subject
has actually done that for me except for computer science. So, I think
all of it's inspiring to try to, it's all inspiring because it's
fun. That's the reason.